=Recruit A General to Lead the Troops=
=Episode 7=
There is still one more person.
(One more person is a spy.)
I never thought Li Chengyu
would be such a man.
Leader.
What should we do?
Kill him.
Refine the heart.
First, close down
his Yuchang Hot Springs.
Let us see what he really intends.
I worked day and night for this day.
This afternoon they will choose
the Best Stronghold Member.
And she shut down my hot spring.
Is that not clearly aimed at me?
Is it because I am a man?
Men are people too.
Chengyu.
Come here.
What is it?
Chengyu.
Do not be angry.
Leader did it for your own good.
Peacock?
Treasure Pavilion?
I understand.
Understand what?
Report.
Brother.
You are my brother.
How many times have I told you
not to disturb me when I am eating?
Speak.
Brother.
I was discovered by Qingfeng Stronghold
and nearly lost my life.
I kept running along
the edge of the well.
I found that the well connects
to the river of Li Village.
We cannot get into Qingfeng's well,
but we can start
from Li Village's river.
Poison
the river.
Put
poison in.
But Brother,
the people of Li Village...
As long as Qingfeng Stronghold
is destroyed,
what does it matter
if a whole village dies?
Poison it for me.
Poison it all.
Hurry.
Go. All right.
(Tenth Best Stronghold Member
Selection and Awards)
Today is the Best Stronghold
Member Award.
According to tradition,
the one who has contributed the most
to the stronghold in the past thirty days
will be chosen
as the Best Stronghold Member
with the chance to enter
the Treasure Pavilion and select a gift.
(This Best Stronghold Member
title is out of reach.)
(Let alone
entering the Treasure Pavilion.)
(It seems I must
find the informant first.)
(Tenth Best Stronghold Member
Selection and Awards)
I choose Li Chengyu.
(As expected,
everything follows the plan.)
I think it should be Li Chengyu.
Chengyu, what are you doing?
Ah, sorry.
The Best Stronghold Member
goes to Li Chengyu.
Ha, the weather is cold.
Wear something warm.
Many thanks.
Well, I never expected
to receive this honor.
I truly gave much for it.
See this scar on my face?
Of course.
In the end,
I must thank our Leader Chen Xinrou.
You should thank Manyue.
She spoke many good words for you.
(Tenth Best Stronghold Member
Selection and Awards)
Good, ha ha.
(Treasure Pavilion)
Young Master Li has not been
in the stronghold long.
This is his first time
entering the Treasure Pavilion.
Why not let me accompany him?
Sister.
I found out.
Chengyu wants to enter
the Treasure Pavilion to look for Peacock.
Peacock?
Leader, does Li Chengyu not simply
want to enter the Treasure Pavilion?
Let him in.
We will see what he wants to take
and what he intends to do.
Then let Forth boss go with him.
Forth Boss has a quick temper.
He would argue with Li Chengyu
at the slightest word.
Let me go instead.
I was the one who counted the treasures
in the pavilion before.
I know them well.
Very well.
(It seems the Emperor was right.)
(If they were not plotting rebellion,)
(how could a poor stronghold amass
so many treasures?)
Why choose me as Best Stronghold Member?
Young Master Li schemed all these days.
Is it not just to enter
the Treasure Pavilion?
You may tell me what you want.
Perhaps I can help you.
Then I will speak plainly.
I want the evidence
of your Big Boss's rebellion.
Rebellion?
What is Young Master Li talking about?
This smoke is poisoned.
Speak.
Who sent you?
So it was you.
Who are you really?
Friend or foe?
If foe,
I would have killed you just now.
If friend, not quite so either.
Let us say we serve the same master.
You were sent by Lord Li.
(So His Majesty's surname is Li.)
Yes, he sent me.
I have always kept the accounts.
But I once saw the Leader
keeping other accounts.
If you can find them,
you should have what you want.
Do not deceive me.
Turn the incense burner and see.
(Account books)
(These letters match those seized)
(from the rebels.)
Since you knew all this,
why not gather the evidence yourself?
The task I received
was only to report everything
in Qingfeng Stronghold to Lord Li.
I know nothing else.
Very well.
Let's go.
You cannot leave like this.
They will search you.
There is a secret chamber
that leads outside.
Knock me out,
walk away,
and I will delay them.
Before this mission ends,
at least one of us must keep our cover.
If you mean to leave,
set the items down.
I will strike.
What a pity Chen Xinrou is so beautiful.
Leader.
You let Li Chengyu
into the Treasure Pavilion.
Were you testing him?
Yes.
So do you not trust him
or feel nothing for him?
Why ask such a thing?
Oh, I just cast lots the other day.
It showed there
is some fate between you.
So I thought
if you are only toying with him,
then I will make my move.
Though I still dislike him,
the sign is said to be most accurate.
Sisters, I feel so unwell.
Erniang.
Well now, ladies.
What has happened?
We seem to have been poisoned.
Poisoned?
Brother, something has happened.
They have all been poisoned.
(Treasure Pavilion) Come out quickly.
Brother.
(Matchmaker Temple)
Old man, wake up.
This is the evidence His Majesty needs.
(Three thousand taels have been divided into
five shipments and sent to Qingfeng Stronghold.)
Wait.
This evidence is crucial.
You must deliver it yourself.
General, are you not leaving?
Why should I leave?
If I go, they will be alarmed.
I must stay and steady the situation.
By the way,
when will the imperial troops arrive?
In five days.
Good, go then.
Chen Xinrou.
Liu Pitang?
Second Brother, what should we do?
Why not turn Qingfeng Stronghold
into Shihou Stronghold?
Second Brother, they are
all our brothers across from us.
Otherwise we could...
Enough already.
Has a donkey kicked your head?
They all want me dead.
Brothers?
Exactly.
We are part of Qingfeng Stronghold now.
We cannot betray them.
(Treasure Pavilion) Follow me.
Liu Pitang, what are you trying to do?
Stop!
At last it is about to end.
You stay.
What are you staring at?
(Yuchang Hot Springs) Welcome.
Which one is their true self?
Hey, hey.
Are you all right?
Aren't you the farmer from before?
Weren't you already dead?
They did not kill me.
We were taken to the back yard
and then released.
The water.
There is something wrong with the water.
Many in the village have died.
Help me.
Hey, do not die.
Chen Xinrou.
It has been three years.
Do you know
how I lived these three years?
Every year,
I thought of ways to kill you
just to ease my pain.
Three years have passed,
at last I found a way.
Three years,
three words.
Eat you up!
Do you know why I like gnawing on bones?
Ah?
Two words.
To practice.
Practicing how to eat you
so I can take revenge.
Of course,
I will not let you die so easily.
I will take you back
to Shihou Stronghold,
and make you bear
a dozen little Tangtangs.
When you are old and withered,
I will strangle your neck with my hands,
and crush your guts.
When I tighten around your throat,
the whole world will fall silent.
Bah!
Then I will kick you into the pot,
and boil you
for forty-nine days.
Then share you with all our brothers,
a bowl for each.
Good!
So our brothers
can also taste the flavour of victory!
Chen Xinrou,
whether you accept it or not,
this is your fate.
So,
please,
with a smile,
accept your fate.
Stop!
♪If you've never seen a bloom,
you can't know hope♪
♪If you weren't here,
I wouldn't have come♪
♪On a soda-lit night,
only the wind knows my love♪
♪It's a helpless kind of feeling♪
♪Like a feather of morning love
falling into the deep sea♪
♪Being unnoticed,
yet I still tell you I love you♪
♪But my confession
is drowned out by the wind♪
♪You can't hear it♪
♪I also want to rush forward♪
♪To give you all my heart♪
♪Yet it's pushed away by you♪
♪Whether love is spoken
or left unspoken♪
♪I know you understand♪
♪It's just an accident♪
♪You longed to wander once more,
by my side through the throng♪
♪I know you weren't really here for me♪
♪Yet still, who else could bring
a surprise quite like you♪
♪After you left,
I didn't want to let go♪
♪You brushed past me,
leaving your trace in the crowd♪
♪I didn't shut you out♪
♪But I couldn't wait for you to stop♪
♪Yet I seem to clutch you,
unable to let you fade into the crowd♪